# Network Inventory weekly call (May 25, 2021)

## Participants

- [x] Aihua Guo
- [ ] Anton Snitser
- [ ] Fabio Peruzzini
- [ ] Haomian Zheng
- [x] Italo Busi
- [x] Jeff Bouquier
- [ ] Oscar GonzÃ¡lez de Dios
- [x] Paolo Volpato
- [x] Sergio Belotti
- [ ] Victor Lopez
- [x] Yu Chaode
- [x] Zhang Chenfang
- [ ] Zheng Yanlei

## Admin

### Minutes review

Review minutes of May 18, 2022 call: https://github.com/italobusi/ietf-network-inventory/blob/main/minutes/minutes-2022-05-18.md

### Closed Issues

None

### Next calls

- June 1st at 3pm CEST / 9am NA EDT / 9pm CST
- June 8th at 3pm CEST / 9am NA EDT / 9pm CST

## Discussion

#### Integration efficiency issue (issue #32)

Jeff: confirmation from the operations that most of the queries are on NE-based components where the CU model and the hierarchical models have no big difference in performances

Agreement confirmed to keep working to enhance the current hierarchical model and park this issue for the time being. We can re-structure the model in future if needed

### Applicable attributes in RFC8348 (issue #17)

> - [x] Chaode: start reviewing the common attributes defined in RFC 8348 and see which ones are applicable to our model

Reviewed table provided by Chaode: https://github.com/italobusi/ietf-network-inventory/files/8772764/Attributes.xlsx

Agreements:

- use uuid as the key for the component list and be ready to change it if pushed back by IETF WG discussion;

- the name should be a user label (aka alias) with no structure;

- need to add a location structure;

- [ ] Aihua/Jeff/Sergio: provides a proposal for the location/position information, taking into account that it should be generic and not applicable only to optical NEs (issue #3)

- [ ] Yuchade: investigate if there is a need to provide UUID-based location/position information (issue #41)

The review of the table will continue offline and at the next meeting.

---

### Equipment configuration examples (issue #40)

> - [x] Jeff/Italo: provide the description of some examples (taking Jeff's slides as initial input)

- [ ] Jeff/Fabio/Italo: provide the description of some examples (taking Jeff's slides as initial input)

### Port modelling (supporting also MPO cables)

### WG for this draft (issue #38)

> - [ ] Italo/Haomian: solit Rob and CCAMP chairs/ADs for feedbacks and propose, if no other opinions, to progress the work in CCAMP WG keeping Netmod WG and OPSAWG informed
