# Network Inventory weekly call (January 18, 2023)

## Participants

- Aihua Guo
- Fabio Peruzzini
- Italo Busi
- Jeff Bouquier
- Phil Bedard
- Sergio Belotti
- Victor Lopez
- Yu Chaode

## Admin

### Next calls

- February 1st at 3pm CET / 9am NA EST / 10pm CST
- February 8th at 3pm CET / 9am NA EST / 10pm CST

## Discussion

### Tom Petch WG adoption poll comments (issue #58)

> > 'To be added'  features 25 times, TBD 9 times, 'to be enriched' 4 times so there is plenty to do - perhaps more authors are needed!
> > 
> 
> - [x] **Chaode**: review the document and check that all these issues are tracked in github
> 

See PR #66

> > I think that two letter prefixes should be avoided except for modules that will appear many times in path statements as e.g. te does
> > 
> 
> - [x] **Chaode**: update the module name and prefix
> 

See PR #66

> > RFC6933 is in the module needs adding to I-D references
> > 
> 
> - [x] **Chaode**: add RFC6933 as a normative reference
> 

See PR #66

> > import of inet lacks a reference
> > 
> 
> - [x] **Chaode**: add a reference to the inet import and add this as a normative reference to the document
> 

See PR #66

> > ianahw is, well an IANA web site so needs a URL as a reference.
> > 
> 
> - [x] **Italo**: check RFC8407 and, if needed, ask Netmod WG for input
> 

See: https://github.com/italobusi/ietf-network-inventory/issues/58#issuecomment-1380280374

See PR #66

> > revision clauses need to go at some point - perhaps this is an exercise to see if what the NETMOD WG is proposing is viable
> > 
> 
> - [x] **Italo/Chaode**: fix the revision clauses
> 

See PR #66

> > lots of string with no constraint; given the prior art in SMI perhaps constraints similar to those of SMI would be appropriate.
> > 
> 
> - [x] **Italo**: check with Netmod WG for guidelines (start a new thread from previous discussion triggered by Tom)
> 

See: https://github.com/italobusi/ietf-network-inventory/issues/58#issuecomment-1380280374

### Addressing Tom Petch's comments during WG adoption (PR #66)

Chaode presented a proposal to update the YANG model to address issues #61, #63 and some of the comments from Tom (issue #58)

The proposal has been reviewed during the meeting.

Comments:
- remove firmware-rev from the NE attributes
- remove the references to equipment-room, ne and rack and keep only the parent component references in the component list
