# Network Inventory weekly call (September 7, 2022)

## Participants
- Aihua Guo
- Jeff Bouquier
- Yu Chaode

## Admin

### Closed Issues

None

### Next calls

- September 14th at 3pm CEST / 9am NA EDT / 9pm CST
- September 21st at 3pm CEST / 9am NA EDT / 9pm CST

## Discussion

### Review comments from Sergio and Jeff (issues #47 and #48)

Draft PR #49 has been created to update the draft based on the 2022-08-04 call

> The only pending comments (to be discussed in a future call) are:
> - a comment from Jeff about the common attributes for the network elements;

Jeff： provide some suggestion sentences.

> - how to improve the last sentence in section 2.2

Jeff： provide some suggestion sentences.
Chaode: provide some more description about the generic model at the beginning of draft. This generic refers to not only the generic components modeling idea, but also the technology-agnostic objective.

> - what to do with section 2.2 since the scalability issues are outside the scope of this draft.

Chaode: I suggest to keep it, and if there are some other solution provided by protocol level, we can provide some reference information here.

### The next plan for our work (what is our priority?) 

Jeff: we stopped attributes discussion before IETF meeting. And since Chaode has prepared some attributes, I think we could continue with attributes discussion at first. And what is not clear to me is, we have not fully discussed to check whether our generic approach is applicable for IP technology. For the plan of introducing transceiver and physical-link, we need to discuss MPO modeling at first.

### Review the email for working group adoption request

- [ ] Chaode: sent out the email to all the co-authors to get more comments.
