# Network Inventory weekly call (March 2, 2021)

## Participants
- Aihua Guo
- Italo Busi
- Jeff Bouquier
- Paolo Volpato
- Sergio Belotti
- Yu Chaode
- Zhang Chenfang

## Admin

### Closed Issues

None

### Next calls

- March 9th at 3pm CET / 9am NAEST / 10pm CST
- March 16th at 3pm CET / 9am NAEST / 10pm CST

## Discussion

### Integration efficiency issue (issue #32)

> - [x] Italo: send a mail to the co-authors soliciting investigation and feedbacks before next week call

> - [ ] Jeff/Anton will check internally about scalability and report to all the feedback.

This issue could be raised to a broader community by requesting a presentation to IETF 113

The question would be about which WG?
- CCAMP WG is the current home for this draft
- Netmod WG is where the YANG experts are
- TEAS WG is where we can get feedbacks from IP community

Proposal is to present this issue in the context of this draft in CCAMP WG and send also e-mails about the general scalability issues to Netmod and TEAS WGs referencing this draft and the presentation in CCAMP WG

- [ ] Chaode: request CCAMP WG chairs a slot for presentation

It is also agreed to submit a new update to IETF 113 with at least the following items:
- updated name and title to reflect the broader scope
- describe this scalability issue

Other updates can be included if we have enough time and material

- [ ] Italo/Chaode: prepare a text proposal for the updated draft
- [ ] Sergio/Jeff/Aihua: to review the text proposal once available

### Sub-shelf and sub-slot modelling

Need to replace shelf with chassis and clarify the terms in the terminology section

With the current model to model the relationship between a shelf and a sub-shelf, we could clarify that we allow the chassis to contain chassis

The modelling of stacks (for IP networks) requires further investigation: if there is only one stack per NE (no stack of stacks nor multiple stacks within the same NE) then there is no need to manage stacks, a flag indicating whether the master shelves are stacked should be sufficient

More discussion is needed to understand whether there is a need to reverse navigation between different entities (e.g., from the sub-slot toward its parent (sub-)slot)

The CU proposal seems easier to understand while it is not fully clear what are the advantages and added value of a generic model based on components

Aihua: one advantage of the component approach could be simplifying the management of new component types

Given timing constraint it has been agreed not to update the draft based on this discussion but to provides some toughts about how we are planning to update the model in the presentation in the CCAMP WG

- [ ] Sergio: check with Andrea how we can reference the TMF document
