# Network Inventory weekly call (May 18, 2021)

## Participants
- [ ] Aihua Guo
- [ ] Anton Snitser
- [ ] Fabio Peruzzini
- [ ] Haomian Zheng
- [x] Italo Busi
- [x] Jeff Bouquier
- [ ] Oscar GonzÃ¡lez de Dios
- [ ] Paolo Volpato
- [x] Sergio Belotti
- [ ] Victor Lopez
- [x] Yu Chaode
- [x] Zhang Chenfang
- [ ] Zheng Yanlei

## Admin

### Closed Issues

None

### Next calls

- May 25th at 3pm CEST / 9am NA EDT / 9pm CST
- June 1st at 3pm CEST / 9am NA EDT / 9pm CST

## Discussion

### Integration efficiency issue (issue #32)

> - [x] Everybody: prepare a list of pros&cons of the different modelling approaches for review during next week

> - [x] Everybody: review the comparison table in [Model Comparison](https://github.com/italobusi/ietf-network-inventory/files/8685613/Comparison.of.Generic.model.and.CU-Porpsed.model.xlsx). The goal is to take a decision on how to proceed next week

There are some scalability issues with large networks and some of them depends on RESTCONF, so changing the model would not solve all the scalability issues. Even with a flat model there could be scalability issues in the large network that could be solved using different methods than RESTCONF operations

Depending on the queries, there are benefits using the CU model but when querying the NE details, the complexity of the two models are very similar. If the most common requirements are the latter one, then there is no big difference between the two models

Agreement: keep working to enhance the current hierarchical model and park this issue for the time being. We can re-structure the model in future if needed

In large network scenarios, the scalability issues of the current hierarchical model could be addressed at the protocol level

### WG for this draft (issue #38)

> - [x] Haomian: send the mail to Rob and to CCAMP chairs/AD to get feedbacks about how to move forward with this draft

Sent on March 31st: https://mailarchive.ietf.org/arch/msg/ccamp/rChN57P8fV8S_vKWjyAtSMJ1p3M/

Still waiting for replies

- [ ] Italo/Haomian: solicit Rob and CCAMP chairs/ADs for feedbacks and propose, if no other opinions, to progress the work in CCAMP WG keeping Netmod WG and OPSAWG informed

### Next steps

* Port modelling (supporting also MPO cables)
* develop some examples covering generic, Optical, IP and MW scenarios
* define attributes for objects/components

We can start listing some equipment configuration examples and later on qualify them as generic or technology-specific

- [ ] Jeff/Italo: provide the description of some examples (taking Jeff's slides as initial input)

Question about whether to define component-specific attributes within the same module or in different modules

Agreement to start defining component-specific attributes within one module and see later on if there is a need to split into multiple modules

The component-specif attributes can be grouped within a container with a when statement and, eventually, a choice statement

- [ ] Chaode: start reviewing the common attributes defined in RFC 8348 and see which ones are applicable to our model
