# Network Inventory weekly call (September 14, 2022)

## Participants

- Aihua Guo
- Fabio Peruzzini
- Italo Busi
- Jeff Bouquier
- Sergio Belotti
- Yu Chaode
- Zhang Chenfang

## Admin

### Closed Issues

Issue #2 has been closed: replaced by issues #17, #18 and #19

Issue #4 has been closed: the agreed scope is to define a generic model applicable to Optical, IP and MW

Issue #9 has been closed: the component list has been agreed to be under the network-element

Issue #12 has been closed: the current text is fine. It can be improved if there are comments

Issue #14 has been closed: it has been agreed to augment RFC8345

Issue #17 has been closed: the analysis has been completed before IETF 114

Issue #19 has been closed: it has been agreed to augment RFC8345 where the NE/nodes are contained within a network

Issue #21 has been closed together with issue #32

Issue #26 has been closed: the scope has been clarified to be the network hardware inventory

Issue #27 has been closed: done with the IETF 112 submission

Issue #37 has been closed together with issue #32

Issue #32 has been closed: it has been agreed this is a protocol issue rather than a data model issue

### Next calls

- September 21st at 3pm CEST / 9am NA EDT / 9pm CST
- September 28th at 3pm CEST / 9am NA EDT / 9pm CST

## Discussion

### WG adoption request (issue #38)

Chaode has sent out the email to all the co-authors and updated text based on feedbacks received.

- [ ] Chaode: send the mail to the CCAMP WG chairs cc-ing CCAMP WG, OPSAWG and Netmod WG mailing lists

### Review comments from Sergio and Jeff (issues #47 and #48)

- [ ] Jeff: to send text proposal
- [ ] Chaode: to update the draft on draft PR #49 based on last meeting and Jeff's input

Afterwards, the PR #49 can be opened for review: Italo and Aihua will review the PR

### Management of equipment rooms and racks (issue #8)

The issue can be closed after a feature to make the reporting of the equipment-rooms optional needs to be defined

- [ ] Italo/Aihua: propose YANG model updates to make the reporting of the equipment rooms optional: https://github.com/italobusi/ietf-network-inventory/issues/8#issuecomment-942252565

### Missing attributes from RFC8348 (issue #18)

Chenfang and Chaode has reviewed the missing attributes and provided a proposal: [Attribute_from_CU@2022-09-14.xlsx](https://github.com/italobusi/ietf-network-inventory/files/9567063/Attribute_from_CU%402022-09-14.xlsx).

The attributes highlighted in yellow are identified gaps that need to be addressed by new attributes.

The proposal has been presented. To be further discussed in the next calls
