# Network Inventory weekly call (February 16, 2021)

## Participants
- Aihua Guo
- Anton Snitser
- Fabio Peruzzini
- Italo Busi
- Jeff Bouquier
- Paolo Volpato
- Sergio Belotti
- Yu Chaode
- Zhang Chenfang

## Admin

### Closed Issues

None

### Next calls

- February 23rd at 3pm CET / 9am NAEST / 10pm CST
- March 2nd at 3pm CET / 9am NAEST / 10pm CST

### IETF 113 Preparation

It is all aligned that we will not do update on the inventory draft's texting for the upcoming IETF 113 meeting, because of the discussion of generic model and CU proposed model is not finished.

## Discussion

### Integration efficiency issue (issue #32)

> - [ ] Italo: send a mail to the co-authors soliciting investigation and feedbacks before next week call

> - [ ] Jeff/Anton will check internally about scalability and report to all the feedback.

Anton: The scalability issue of inventory can be existing in other data model, should be deal with some other protocols or technology.

Aihua: The scalability issue maybe solved by streaming like grpc or other protocols. And some of the data can be saved in memory like Redis, but some of them need to be saved in database.

Chaode: The scalability issue is also existing in other YANG data models' integration. And right now the filtering mechanism of restconf protocol is not quite mature. There is only one individual draft of filtering and pagination in IETF under discussion. The scalability issue for our current generic model is not caused by longer time of retrieval in a single node, but the accumulated time in each node of large network. The generic model provided by RFC8348 is used in a single node level, while our inventory model is used in network level, the integration issue is different.

### Integration efficiency issue (issue #32)

Jeff: The ports refer to the TX/RX port on the transceiver. And for the MPO/break out cable, i am also agree to have a list of destination to describe the multiple breakout ports. And for those ports which there is no transceiver plugged-in, the port still need to be provided in inventory.  We also agree that there could be multiple network elements on a rack. For the site's definition, i am not quite sure, but i also agree that site and equipment room can be both optional.

Chenfang: I have some other understanding for MPO port. Can be discussed in next week's meeting.
